# Project3_Diseases_Final dataset environment used to correlate the interactions of all parties include: [Visual Studio Code, and Anaconda's Jupyter Notebook].
The dashboard was developed by using,Pandas-1.3.3/Flask-2.0.1/beautifulsoup-4=4.10.0/Request==2.26.0/gunicorn 20.1.0/ETL, Python-dotenv==0.19.1/ HTML/SQlite/JavaScript/CSS- all used for an interactive dashboard. The creation of a unique dashboard's overview that analyzes patient data to create an symptomatic flow of the top 10 diseases from the Disease Dataset. 
The project and its purpose is to inform you on information to help you monitor your care for a savings plans for preventive maintenance which corresponds to measures for screenings of overall healthcare initiatives.
The data set shows the top ten medical diseases, and the it will assist you in a development plan for diseases, diagnosis and monitoring based on symptoms and patient characteristics. 
Inserted are Patient_ID Column to serve as a patient index Inserted a “Categories” Bin Column representing the Three Age Groups.
The data set consists of age, gender, diseases and other outcome-based variables to assist with using the dashboard assists with storing patients information that presents columns that represent the top 10 medical diseases inserted a Patient_ID column to serve as a patient index inserted a “Categories” Bin Column representing the three age groups. 
Note the age groups shown is interchangeable. Due to your business model. The methods used for the dashboard for monitoring all outcome-based variables that have been created to help monitor preventative measures and help you save on medical expenses current and future cost. Higher insurance rates due to illness and saving cost by being hospitalized from a healthy living role amongst age groups of 18-94 years of age. Reference used Kaggle data set (diseases). 
Reference Bayer.com https://www.bayer.com/en/us/news-stories/impact-of-socioeconomic-factors-on-health-outcomes-and-importance-of-self-care The graphs below shows the median age levels of cholesterol take into consideration the assessment tool we offer categorizes the top ten disorders that arise within the general population. Reference graph data from Kaggle disease sets shows patients labeled as: Young Adulthood 19-40 years of age, Middle Age 41-64 years of age, and Senior Citizens 65-90 years of age. The graph below shows patients with coughing disorders. https://smuvirtdatapt-kkg4695.slack.com/files/U0849CC5GTX/F08NNLHP5KL/screenshot_2025-04-16_195538.png This dashboard is a representation of a Hospital-based system that is (HIPPA) Health Insurance Portability Act is federally mandated and which compliant due to patients information is stored. The data set shows the top ten medical diseases, and the it will assist you in a development plan for diseases, diagnosis and monitoring based on symptoms and patient characteristics Inserted a Patient_ID Column to serve as a patient index Inserted a “Categories” Bin Column representing the Three Age Groups https://smuvirtdatapt-kkg4695.slack.com/files/U0849CC5GTX/F08NFSM0F1B/pj3_diseases.csv Contact us at 1-800-SPR-Sale ext. 1 for a free demonstration.
Prices of software available after all agreements are approved. 
